hi this is Boyan stew and today I want
to demonstrate the portable rollaway bed
that I designed a few years back it's
upended the backrest is sitting on on
the headboard and as you can see the
under the headboard wheels and it's an
extension there for the wheel platform
as we go up to the top you can see that
I have removable legs and it doesn't
take up much space up against the wall
put it up against the wall mattress side
first and it could be shortened as far
as the depth a little bit by taking off
that footboard and I could gain about
three inches as you can see about two
and a half inches over there that could
be gained so it could be slightly
smaller and next I'm just going to lower
it down and you'll see it in its sleep
position okay here's the bed in a sleep
position the bungee cords are connected
to the carry loops on the mattress and
you don't even have to remove them you
can just sleep like they don't interfere
you can just look them
I'm just gonna walk around to the back
and show you how to help wheels and it's
very stable when it stands up just
wanted a real simple way of having a bed
an extra bed in the house
that's rollaway I'm just going to
stand it up now and roll it back where
it came from